this is how you can optimize your CPU
for ultimate gaming and performance this
will work for both Windows 10 and
windows 11 as well as any lowend mid or
high-end PC and laptop helping you
increase FPS reduce input latency and
fix any status within the games that you
play these methods will unlock the
maximum performance of your CPU helping
you get more FPS and fix any micro
stutters that you might be experiencing
and I'm not going to waste your time so
let's dive into it but quickly guys if
you want zero ping in any game that you
play then check out the gear up booster
from the Link in the description as it
provides you with the optimal Network
routes giving you zero ping and packet
loss in every game so go down into the
description and download the EUR booster
now and now let's get back into the
video we are going to start off with
basic CPU optimizations these are going
to help you just a tiny bit with the
overall Improvement in the CPU
performance but last time I checked
compounding was said to be the E Wonder
of this world meaning that these small
changes if Done Right can combine to
provide a much more impactful result on
the FPS and the overall latency Improv
movements as well so to start these tiny
bit improvements the first thing that
you need to do is right click on your
taskar and open up the task manager then
go inside of the startup Tab and then
right click and disable any of the
softwares that you don't want to start
up with your windows don't worry this
will not affect the functionality of any
of these applications it will just not
allow them to boot up along with the
windows which will not only improve your
boot up time but it will also decrease
the load on your CPU right after it
starts up meaning that you will have
more CPU resources available for your
games so go through this whole list and
disable all of the ones that you don't
require in order to disable one of these
applications simply click on the
application and then click on the
disable button which should be right
here since I have already disabled it it
tells me to enable it but I would
honestly be stupid to enable Google
Chrome while my system boots up hence
I'm telling all of your Giga brain Chads
to disable Google Chrome as well as any
other browser and any other application
that you don't require to survive when
you boot up your windows now that we are
clear on this one you can close out of
this for the next tiny change go ahead
and open up the start menu and go inside
of the settings inside of the settings
go into the gaming section and make sure
that the Xbox game bar is turned off I
know that the little timy watching this
video right now Clips his games using
the Xbox game bar but little timy I have
some news for you this makes your game
completely horrible while it runs in the
background you can use other options
like the Nvidia Shadow play which I
personally wouldn't even recommend that
one but that is still better than the
game bar itself you can also use
Alternatives like the OBS as well all
and all all I want you to do right now
is to go ahead and simply disable the
Xbox game bar then move on to the game
mode and make sure that this one is sted
on game mode has had a lot of
improvements done to it with each new
update that the windows gets so I'm
pretty satisfied with it and so should
you be and now that you're already here
simply go ahead and click on the graphic
settings under the related settings and
then just go ahead and turn on the
hardware accelerated GPU scheduling if
you have that option available for me
unfortunately I don't have that so I'm
going to go ahead and Cy in the corner
but for those of you guys who are lucky
enough to have that option go ahead and
use it mate what are are you waiting for
as for the choose an app to set
preference simply go ahead and click on
the desktop app and click on browse
inside of here what you want to do is
locate the executable file for your
specific game and add it inside of these
settings so to do that simply go ahead
and open up the location where you
install all of your games so for me I'm
going to go ahead and open up fortnite
then fortnite game binaries Vin 64 and
then scroll down until you find the v64
shipping. exz if you're using a game
such as valerin it will have a similar
exz file or even if you are a genchan
impact player it will have a similar
type of exz file all you need to do is
locate that exz file and then simply go
ahead and click on ADD once you have
added it click on options and then just
go ahead and click on the high
performance option hit save and now you
are done you can close out of the
settings and the final bit of these tiny
changes actually comes from the Google
Chrome I know that majority of you will
be using Google Chrome and a lot of you
guys have the bad habit of keeping it on
while you're playing the game so my
first step would actually be to close
the Google Chrome while you're playing
the game but if you still insist to keep
it on on while you're gaming then I have
some good news for you you can go ahead
and change some of the settings that
will minimize the impact that Chrome has
on the CPU as well as RAM resources but
still the recommended method would be to
close it out completely even from the
back end to have a much greater impact
on the Improvement of FPS but all you
need to do is simply open up Google
Chrome then click on these three dots
right here and click on settings once
inside of the settings go into the
system section and inside of here make
sure that both of these options continue
running background apps when Chrome is
closed as well as use Hardware
acceleration when available are turned
off this will require you to relaunch
Chrome so simply go ahead and click on
relaunch and voila you are done now we
can move on to some of the advanced
settings or some of the settings that
will have a greater impact on
performance than the basic ones first
off I want you to disable HP now I know
that you have heard a lot about the HP
and everyone and their mother tells you
to disable it but no one explains why so
that's why daddy R is here HP is an
inbuilt tool in Windows which can be
used to synchronize multimedia and
provide smoother playback for your
computer however if you turn it on when
you are gaming this tool will take away
the precious calculation power of CPUs
and severely hurt the game performance
this is especially true if you are a
loner and play games like fortnite or
valerant just like me which are highly
CPU dependent therefore I highly
recommend you to go ahead and disable it
especially if you're using a ryzen CPU
now the question becomes how you go
ahead and do that and in order to do
that simply open up your start menu and
search for device manager go ahead and
open it up inside of here under the
system devices you should have the high
precision and timer simply go ahead
right click on it and then click on
disable device hit yes and that's it now
you have successfully disabled the HP
moving on go down into the description
of this video and download the CPU
optimization pack from my website this
website does contain some ads because I
need to provide for my family and my 16
kids as well so yeah just simply go
ahead and Skip Those ads and then you
can go ahead and download the bag once
the pack has been downloaded simply go
ahead and extract it using 7zip vrar or
really whatever you want once it's been
extracted go ahead and open up the pack
open up the folder and you will find two
folders along with a bunch of registry
and Patch tweaks the first one that you
want to apply is actually the basic
optimizations reged it however I will
warn you that this will change a lot of
settings including a lot of Windows
settings that you may not prefer so I
highly recommend you to go ahead and
create a restore point at this point so
I highly recommend you to pause this
video right now go and make a system
restore point because I don't want to
hear little Timmy whining about some
minute change that he made that he does
not prefer anymore and wants to revert
that change but he did not create a
system restore point so pause the video
go and make a restore point and then
come back now I trust you that you have
created the system restore point simply
go ahead and double click on the basic
optimizations reg. rge hit yes and then
hit okay also in case you are a new
viewer who does not trust me you can
always go ahead and right click on it
click on edit and read everything that's
been provided inside of here it lists
all of the settings that you can go
ahead and simply copy and paste on
Google Chrome to learn more about them
as for the BCD tweaks I'm sure that all
of you have these timer tweaks once you
were a kid but I need you to reapply
them once again the reason for that is
because sometimes when Windows updates
or if you have been applying a lot of
registry files these settings can get
reset so all you need to do is right
click on it run it as administrator and
then press any key to continue for the
CPU speed as it says it will give your
CPU some turbo boost so that it can run
faster than the Bugatti that you don't
own simply go ahead right click click on
merge hit yes and hit okay as for the
disable memory compression I have
explained this concept in so much detail
in my previous videos so if you want to
learn more about it you can simply go
ahead and check out those videos but
basically memory compression bad memory
non-compression good so right click on
it run it as administrator and once it's
done simply press any key to continue
for the disable Spectre and meltdown
once again I have gone into so much
detail about this one but a quick tldr
is basically that these are useless
features that are no longer required
because modern browsers have their own
buil-in security patches so that is the
reason we want to disable them so that
they don't uselessly use up the CPU res
sources so simply double click on it hit
yes and then hit okay as for the memory
management optimizations once again I
have explained all of this stuff in my
previous videos double click hit yes hit
okay and wake up all CES it basically
does the similar thing to unpacking all
of the CPU codes which we will be doing
right now but we want to modify the
registry as well so double click hit yes
hit okay and then move on to the unpar
CPU goes this is a program that will
make sure that none of the CPU cores are
sitting idle while you are playing the
game which can actually provide quite an
improvement in the PS and especially the
latency inside of the games that you
play so simply right click run it as
administrator and once this interface
opens up simply go ahead and click on
unpark all hit okay hit apply okay once
again and now you can close out of it go
back into the pack and open up the
updated power PL now for this one to
work you will actually need to import
the power plan first so this power plan
is my own custom power plan that has
received quite a few updates from the
previous version as well I try to
improve it from time to time but
basically to start off you need to go
ahead and disable power throttling but
keep in mind that if you are on a laptop
I don't recommend this one because it
will cause a lot of heatup issues on
laptops which have like bare minimum to
no cooling at all so use this on a
laptop with caution for your desktop PC
users go ahead and use it you have no
issues with this right so double click
on it hit yes and then hit okay as for
the import power plan this will allow us
to double click any power PL to Simply
import it rather than going through the
whole CMD process and importing the
power PL from there so double click on
it hit yes and then hit okay now you
should be able to see this little
battery icon alongside the request power
plan. P file if you don't right click
refresh it should be there double click
on it to import it and then go ahead and
open up the power plans and now under
the Show additional plans you should be
able to see a new power Plan called the
reest power plan simply go ahead and
click on it and voila and now you have
arguably the best power plan out there
you can close out of this close out of
the back as well and now you can delete
it or keep it it's really up to you
finally there are even some more
advanced settings that I want you to do
and for that you will need to access
your bios inside of there I want you to
do two things one is to disable C States
and second is to enable XMP and in order
to do that you will need to watch this
video because bios is something that you
really need to understand and not mess
up so that video completely explains how
you can change these settings for any
beginner who has never touched bios so
go ahead and watch that video apply the
changes inside of that video and you
will see the most Improvement out of any
of these tweaks by changing those bio
settings finally a few more tips are to
replace the thermal paste on your CPU
after 3 to 5 years as it tends to
completely wear off in that time making
the CPU heat up more and more and also
make sure to clean your system every now
and then to help maintain its health and
performance of the components it's
really necessary that you keep it clean
because the better air flow that you
have the cooler your attempts will be
and the better your CPU can perform but
now that you are done here go ahead and
check out this video to get even more
performance out of your PC
[Music]